.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- Thank you for submitting a pull request! -->

<!-- If this is your first PR in this repo, please read our [Contributing Guidelines (https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and remember to sign the [Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/.github/blob/main/contributing-docs/contributing-license.md). Our bot will notify you shortly after the PR has been created. -->

## Description

{A detailed description}

Fixes #{bug number}

## Quality checklist

<!-- Please run through the checklist below to ensure a smooth review and merge process for your PR. -->

- [ ] Your code complies with our [Coding Style](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/.github/blob/main/contributing-docs/contributing-code-style.md).
- [ ] You've updated unit and/or integration tests for your change, where applicable.
- [ ] You've updated documentation for your change, where applicable.
- [ ] There's an open issue for the PR that you are making. If you'd like to propose a new feature or change, please open an issue to discuss the change or find an existing issue.
- [ ] You've added required license files and/or file headers (explaining where the code came from with proper attribution), where code is copied from StackOverflow, a blog, or OSS.

Commit message:

Added note about sibling documentation repos

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- Thank you for submitting a pull request! -->

<!-- If this is your first PR in this repo, please read our [Contributing Guidelines (https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and remember to sign the [Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/.github/blob/main/contributing-docs/contributing-license.md). Our bot will notify you shortly after the PR has been created. -->

## Description

{A detailed description}

Fixes #{bug number}

## Quality checklist

<!-- Please run through the checklist below to ensure a smooth review and merge process for your PR. -->

- [ ] Your code complies with our [Coding Style](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/.github/blob/main/contributing-docs/contributing-code-style.md).
- [ ] You've updated unit and/or integration tests for your change, where applicable.
- [ ] You've updated documentation for your change, where applicable.
      If your change affects other repositories, such as [Documentation](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Documentation), [Samples](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Samples) and/or [MainSite](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/MainSite), add linked PRs here.
- [ ] There's an open issue for the PR that you are making. If you'd like to propose a new feature or change, please open an issue to discuss the change or find an existing issue.
- [ ] You've added required license files and/or file headers (explaining where the code came from with proper attribution), where code is copied from StackOverflow, a blog, or OSS.
